---
layout: post
title: Telus June 2006 – Dec 2008
---

Title:  QA Automation Engineer

Duration: June 2006 – Dec 2008

Project Description:

TELUS is a national telecommunication company in Canada that provides a wide range of communications products and services including data, Internet Protocol (IP), voice, entertainment, video, IP and satellite TV. 

Responsibilities:

Studied and understood the Business requirements and flows for the CSR application.
Involved In developing Test Plan, Test Requirements, Test Cases and detailed test cases of the CSR application in Quality Center 

Converted Business requirements and design documentation into test design products: Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Scripts.

Prepared the Test Specifications, Developed test cases, conditions, and checklist documents.

Performed Functional, System, Integration, User Acceptance and Back End Testing of the CSR application.
Developed an integrated Test Plan covering the main functions of the designated parts of the application.
The application was tested manually using the Test cases executed through Quality center.

Performed Acceptance, Usability, Cross-Platform and Regression testing during different stages of the application development.

Tested the SOAP messaging system for external interface connectivity.

Manually tested the whole application before going for the automated testing. 

Wrote and recorded VB Scripts for Automating the Regression testing using QTP. 

Used Data driver Wizard to create data driven test, for testing the application with multiple sets of data in QTP. 

Tested and reported the defects through the Quality center 
