---
layout: post
title: First Merit Bank
---

Title:  QA Automation Engineer

Duration: Mar 2009 – Dec 2009

Project: Loan Origination System (LOS)

#####Project Description:

First Merit Bank offers banking, mortgage, trading and financial services. The project involved to test the implementation of loan tracking application used for tracking various mortgage loans involved in testing Loan Origination System which will be accessed by different Regional Offices using Terminal Server session. It also included interfaces with Servicing Vendor, Document Preparation Vendor, and Flood/Tax Service Vendor.

#####Responsibilities:

Provided complete support from identifying test requirements to writing and executing detailed Test plan, Test cases and Test scripts.

Initiated and maintained automation framework using Reusable and data driven approach.
Created and executed automated tests regions in support of integration, functional, and regression testing using Quick Test Professional 9.2 using VB script not just record and play back. 

Created QTP scripts with Local and Shared Object repositories and maintained them in Object Repository Manager.

Performed heavy QTP coding using descriptive programming Created custom VB script functions and added them to function library.

Created test data for QTP and imported as external data table during runtime.

Created QTP scripts with reusable and external actions.

Inserted various types of checkpoints including database checkpoints to validate application.

Good working knowledge with XML. Created QTP scripts for validating XML schema and inserted checkpoints for various tags in XML.

Performed Load Testing using SOAPUI. 

Involved black box testing includes smoke testing, regression testing, user interface testing, integration testing, and system testing 

Used SOAPUI for updating web services testing.

Scheduled QTP scripts using Quality Center and results were stored in the Quality Center along with the screenshots.

Used RDC to run the test on virtual machine.

Parameterized data in QTP scripts by using Action, Environment, Data table and Random parameters
Used DTD to define the legal building blocks on XML coming from other banks.
