---
layout: post
title: Equator LLC
---

Title: Lead, QA Automation                                        

Duration: Jan. 2010 – Aug. 2011

#####Project Description:

Equator LLC is one of the biggest Software Providers of country for more than 22 Financial Companies, such as Fannie Mae, Wells Fargo, Bank Of America, Capitol One, Chase Bank Etc. Equator has more than five corporate offices nationwide. Equator provides software solution for REO and Short Sale for all of the above clients.

#####Responsibilities:

One of the biggest responsibilities was to develop Automation framework and setup QTP, VM, Add-ins, and PDF add-ins while application was unstable.

Decided which framework to use that can cover the entire lender with global functions and lender oriented function to get best out of it.

Developed mixture of keyword driven and data driven framework that can cover complete requirement.

Created 3 Function libraries that can divide code into Global, Workstation and Public site.

Setup HP Load Runner for load testing. 

Conducted load testing, Performance Testing, Stress testing on various applications and live monitoring.

Worked with Manual Tester to understand requirements and how to cover them in to Regression Testing.

Responsible for running IDE Selenium on production night.

Reported Bug using V5 bug tracking system, & MKS.

Performed heavy QTP coding using descriptive programming Created custom VB script functions and added them to function library.

Parameterized data in QTP scripts by using Action, Environment, Data table and Random parameters
Scheduled QTP scripts using ALM and results were stored in the Quality Center along with the screenshots.

Worked as Team to resolve any issues, with on-shore, offshore Dev. team and QA team.

Performed exception handling using Recovery Manager in QTP. Inserted Synchronization points in the script to handle timeout problems.

Performed descriptive programming on PDF forms.

Created functions to write Test Results in to excel file.
