---
layout: post
title: Cornerstone OnDemand
---

Title: Manager, QA Automation & Performance 

Duration: Aug. 2011 – Nov. 2013

Project Description:

 Cornerstone OnDemand is a leading global provider of a comprehensive learning and talent management SaaS suite. We enable organizations to meet the challenges they face in empowering their people and maximizing the productivity of their human capital.  We currently empower more than 10 million users across 176 countries and in 28 languages.

Responsibilities:

Manage and mentor team of 12 Automation and Performance engineers onshore and offshore.

Created Web based automation framework tool, which can work with UFT, QTP, and Selenium Web Driver Etc. 

Introduced CSOD with HP Load Runner for performance testing, installed Performance counters, Splunk, SQL Profiler, Site scope etc. to perform load, stress, volume test on CSOD web applications. 

Monitored load balanced environment via Splunk.  I was part of emergency response team and key member of “PRTG” team.

Expertise in HP Load Runner 11.51 and Web 2.0 Protocols including Ajax Trueclient.

Worked closely with Dev. Team, QA, and Build Team to ensure the quality of software for Patch / Release.
Trained QA team on running Regression scripts developed by Automation Engineers.

Collaborated with IT team in DL Emergency testing of Web Servers and IIS (6-7) server testing.

Helped CSOD achieve 21CFRp11 license and documented process to authorize audits.

Organized and Documented Automation and Performance testing process.

Performed performance test on release code and analyze the results to make sure response time meets SLA requirements.
Worked as Team to resolve any issues, with on-shore, off-shore Dev. team and QA team.

Created and maintained Mobile Regression Test Suite for CSOD Mobile Application.

Assisted Security team in running security tests using HP Web-inspect. 

Introduced CSOD with ALM (QC) to organize and store QTP Scripts.

Developed End-to-End Smoke Test to validate build on QA, Stage and Production environments.
